CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

Informacion Alumnos

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

The problem is where and how to store information. With this program 
you will be able to store basic student information in a database 
through an interface. (First Name, Last Name, Age and Country of Birth).

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

I will learn how to create an interface using tkinter module and also 
how to connect to a mysql database and load, modify and delete students 
from the database.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

In a principle they would be mysql module and tkinter module

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

Well, here will be the biggest challenge for me, I don't know very well 
how all my functions will be, but I will separate them into as many as possible. 

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Here I will have another big challenge since I will receive information 
from the user, so this will make it much more difficult to test them. 
But maybe I can do some validation.
